Update the wording in the top to clarify intent (#2772)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/samples/app-templates.md

# App Templates for Microsoft Teams

> App templates are examples of complete apps for Microsoft Teams that are open-source, and available on GitHub. Each contains detailed instructions for deploying and installing that app for your organization, providing a sample app that you can install and begin using immediately. The complete source code is available as well, so you can explore it in detail, or fork the code and alter it to meet your specific needs.
> All app templates are provided under the [MIT License](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-apps-eprescription/blob/master/LICENSE) terms. In addition, please note that  you, not Microsoft must license and support apps created from app templates for your users and organizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
App templates are examples of complete apps for Microsoft Teams that are open-source and available on GitHub. Each app template contains detailed instructions for deploying and installing that app for your organization. It also provides a sample app that you can install and begin using immediately. The complete source code is available too, which allows you to explore it in detail or fork the code and alter it to meet your specific requirements.
All app templates are provided under the [MIT License](https://github.com/OfficeDev/microsoft-teams-apps-eprescription/blob/master/LICENSE) terms.
[!NOTE] 
You, not Microsoft must license and support apps created from app templates for your users and organizations.
```

**&#9734; Indicates newly released app templates.**

### Key benefits

> * **Deploy directly to the cloud:** All app templates include deployments scripts that will allow you to host all necessary services in Microsoft Azure or the Power Platform. 
> * **Recommended sample code:** The app templates conform to recommended best practices around security and infrastructure, and all community submitted changes to them are reviewed to ensure conformance.
> * **Customizable and extensible:** While all app templates can be deployed with minimal configuration, we provide the entire code base and deployment scripts so that you can easily customize or extend them to fit your unique needs.
> * **Detailed documentation:** All app templates are accompanied by end-to-end documentation on solution architecture, deployment, and configuration steps. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Deploy directly to the cloud:** All app templates include deployment scripts that allows you to host all required services in Microsoft Azure or the Power Platform. 
* **Recommended sample code:** The app templates conform to recommended best practices around security and infrastructure. All community submitted changes to the app templates are reviewed to ensure conformance.
* **Customizable and extensible:** While all app templates can be deployed with minimal configuration, we provide the entire code base and deployment scripts so that you can easily customize or extend them to fit your unique needs.
* **Detailed documentation:** All app templates are accompanied by end-to-end documentation on solution architecture, deployment, and configuration steps.  
```
